docs(affiliates-program): add callout (#786)
vtexdocs/help-center-content: docs/en/tutorials/apps/affiliates-program-app.md

subcategoryId: 6GWaAkVqXQYN79ilMgUsPr
---

> > ⚠️ The Affiliates Program app has been discontinued and is therefore no longer supported or maintained by VTEX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ The Affiliate Program app has been discontinued and is no longer supported or maintained by VTEX.
```
